README.md, before:

# Daily Unbiased News

Daily Unbiased News is a simple, static news aggregator designed to pull the
latest headlines from multiple reputable sources and surface them in a clean,
mobile‑friendly interface. The site is automatically refreshed every 10 minutes
via a GitHub Action, ensuring you always see up‑to‑date stories without any
manual intervention.

## Features

- **Multiple sources:** The aggregator pulls RSS feeds from a selection of
  sources such as Reuters, BBC, Al Jazeera, NPR and AP (via Google News).
  The feed URLs are defined in `feeds.json` and can easily be extended or
  modified.
- **Category sections:** News items are grouped into major categories
  (World, Politics, Tech, Science, Business, Culture). Each section
  displays up to 50 of the most recent unique headlines across all sources.
- **Duplicate filtering:** Articles are deduplicated by title across all
  categories to avoid repeating the same story from multiple outlets.
- **Live ticker:** A horizontal ticker bar shows the latest headlines from
  across all categories. Links open in a new tab.
- **Search:** A client‑side search bar lets you filter articles by
  keyword across titles and descriptions.
- **Frequent refresh:** A GitHub Action defined in `.github/workflows/update.yml`
  runs the `fetch_news.py` script every 10 minutes. This script fetches
  the RSS feeds, deduplicates and sorts the results, then writes them to
  `data/news.json`. If the data changes, the action commits and pushes the
  updated JSON back to your repository.
- **Easy deployment:** Because the site is entirely static, it can be
  deployed to GitHub Pages, Netlify, Vercel or any other static hosting
  platform. Simply point the host to the `news_site` directory and ensure
  that the GitHub Action has permission to push updates.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone this repository** and navigate into the `news_site` directory.

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/daily-unbiased-news.git
   cd daily-unbiased-news/news_site
   ```

2. **Install Python dependencies** (no external packages required; the
   script uses only the standard library).

3. **Test locally.** You can run a simple HTTP server to preview the
   site:

   ```sh
   python -m http.server 8000
   ```

   Then open `http://localhost:8000/news_site/` in your browser. (Some
   browsers block `fetch()` of local JSON over `file://`; serving via
   HTTP avoids this.)

4. **Configure and deploy.** Push your repository to GitHub and enable
   GitHub Pages or link it to a static hosting service like Netlify or
   Vercel. Ensure that GitHub Actions are enabled so the scheduled refresh can
   commit new data every 10 minutes. You may wish to set the deployment branch to
   `main` or `gh-pages` depending on your chosen hosting platform.

5. **Customize.** Edit `feeds.json` to add, remove or modify feed URLs.
   Each key in the JSON corresponds to a category on the site. When adding
   new feeds, ensure they provide RSS or Atom content. The `fetch_news.py`
   script will automatically pick up the changes on the next run.

## Notes

- Some providers, such as AP, no longer offer official RSS feeds. This
  repository defaults to using Google News queries scoped to AP (via
  `site:apnews.com`) to surface AP stories. If you have access to
  official feeds, update `feeds.json` accordingly.
- The automation workflow commits only changes to `data/news.json`. If you
  edit the HTML, CSS or JavaScript files you should commit those changes
  manually.
- If a feed cannot be fetched or parsed, the script skips it and
  continues. Transient errors therefore do not block the update
  altogether.

## License

This project is provided under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](../LICENSE)
file for details.

Commit message:

feat: refresh news in browser (#9)

README.md, after:

# Daily Unbiased News

Daily Unbiased News is a simple, static news aggregator designed to pull the
latest headlines from multiple reputable sources and surface them in a clean,
mobile‑friendly interface. The site is automatically refreshed every 10 minutes
via a GitHub Action, ensuring you always see up‑to‑date stories without any
manual intervention.

## Features

- **Multiple sources:** The aggregator pulls RSS feeds from a selection of
  sources such as Reuters, BBC, Al Jazeera, NPR and AP (via Google News).
  The feed URLs are defined in `feeds.json` and can easily be extended or
  modified.
- **Category sections:** News items are grouped into major categories
  (World, Politics, Tech, Science, Business, Culture). Each section
  displays up to 50 of the most recent unique headlines across all sources.
- **Duplicate filtering:** Articles are deduplicated by title across all
  categories to avoid repeating the same story from multiple outlets.
- **Live ticker:** A horizontal ticker bar shows the latest headlines from
  across all categories. Links open in a new tab.
- **Search:** A client‑side search bar lets you filter articles by
  keyword across titles and descriptions.
- **Frequent refresh:** A GitHub Action defined in `.github/workflows/update.yml`
  runs the `fetch_news.py` script every 10 minutes. This script fetches
  the RSS feeds, deduplicates and sorts the results, then writes them to
  `data/news.json`. If the data changes, the action commits and pushes the
  updated JSON back to your repository.
- **In-browser updates:** The front-end script automatically re-fetches
  `data/news.json` every 10 minutes so the page shows the latest headlines
  without requiring a manual refresh.
- **Easy deployment:** Because the site is entirely static, it can be
  deployed to GitHub Pages, Netlify, Vercel or any other static hosting
  platform. Simply point the host to the `news_site` directory and ensure
  that the GitHub Action has permission to push updates.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone this repository** and navigate into the `news_site` directory.

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/daily-unbiased-news.git
   cd daily-unbiased-news/news_site
   ```

2. **Install Python dependencies** (no external packages required; the
   script uses only the standard library).

3. **Test locally.** You can run a simple HTTP server to preview the
   site:

   ```sh
   python -m http.server 8000
   ```

   Then open `http://localhost:8000/news_site/` in your browser. (Some
   browsers block `fetch()` of local JSON over `file://`; serving via
   HTTP avoids this.)

4. **Configure and deploy.** Push your repository to GitHub and enable
   GitHub Pages or link it to a static hosting service like Netlify or
   Vercel. Ensure that GitHub Actions are enabled so the scheduled refresh can
   commit new data every 10 minutes. You may wish to set the deployment branch to
   `main` or `gh-pages` depending on your chosen hosting platform.

5. **Customize.** Edit `feeds.json` to add, remove or modify feed URLs.
   Each key in the JSON corresponds to a category on the site. When adding
   new feeds, ensure they provide RSS or Atom content. The `fetch_news.py`
   script will automatically pick up the changes on the next run.

## Notes

- Some providers, such as AP, no longer offer official RSS feeds. This
  repository defaults to using Google News queries scoped to AP (via
  `site:apnews.com`) to surface AP stories. If you have access to
  official feeds, update `feeds.json` accordingly.
- The automation workflow commits only changes to `data/news.json`. If you
  edit the HTML, CSS or JavaScript files you should commit those changes
  manually.
- If a feed cannot be fetched or parsed, the script skips it and
  continues. Transient errors therefore do not block the update
  altogether.

## License

This project is provided under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](../LICENSE)
file for details.
